Rochester, the city of
imagination and innovation
through the optical lenses
of a photographic display.
A city that has been curated
to be the world's imaging
center, thanks to the
involvement of three major
companies that originate
from the area, Xerox,
Kodak, and Bausch & Lomb.
These companies have been
labeled as the Big Three,
as they paved the way for
innovation in optical and
photographic sciences and
inserted the foundations
of future technological
developments.
Although much time has passed
since these companies have
been established, even in
current times, they still
hold an unforgettable
presence in the flower city.